bpo-33426: [doc] Behavior of os.path.join does not match documentation (#28003)
python/cpython: Doc/library/os.path.rst

.. function:: join(path, *paths)

>    Join one or more path components intelligently. The return value is the

Reviewer: As far as I can tell, the only change on this line is to change two spaces into one.  That's not an inherently *bad* change, but it does make it rather more difficult to tell what actually changed in the wording of this paragraph.  Please refrain from formatting changes like this when they're mixed in with other changes and are the only change on a line.

>    concatenation of path and any members of *\*paths* so that there is a

Reviewer: `path` is a parameter name, so it should keep its `*` markings:
```suggestion
   concatenation of *path* and any members of *\*paths* so that there is a
```

>    directory separator (os.sep) following each part except the last.

Reviewer: The `os.sep` mention was specifically removed in bpo-43620; I don't think we should add it back.  It could perhaps be "(platform-specific)" instead of "(os.sep)"?

>    concatenation of path and any members of *\*paths* so that there is a
>    directory separator (os.sep) following each part except the last.
>    An empty part is ignored unless it is the last part, in which case the result
>    will end in a separator.  If a component is an absolute path, all previous

Reviewer: In looking into this, it looks like I'm actually the one who last made major changes to this section 7 years ago, and I now agree that I did leave it rather confusing.  Oops :)

I think the following is a slightly better formulation; do you agree?

```suggestion
   concatenation of *path* and any non-empty members of *\*paths* separated
   by the platform's directory separator character.  If the last member of *\*paths*
   is empty, the result will end in a directory separator.
   If a component is an absolute path, all previous
```

   components are thrown away and joining continues from the absolute path

>    component.

Reviewer: It also looks like there are no changes to this last sentence, but it's harder to tell due to the reflowing of text.  For ease of review, please leave reflowing for after the main change has been approved (or even leave it un-reflowed; Sphinx takes care of wrapping lines independently of how the source markup looks).
